You are delusional with a fake invitation
Even if you get out
Just a stupid lady
Just wait to be kicked out
He definitely can't give up his existence
Lie to the dog
Roll the calf
Ah, the surprise for the fourth brother can't be ruined here
This lady
VIP seats are ready for you
You can go anytime.
It's okay, then we're going to set up the press conference
Du Qianhuan, what did he get this invitation from?
Is there anything else he doesn't know?
I'll go first then.
See you.
Stop for me
Yes, I am.
You don't want to seduce unknown brother with a thug
Miss Chen took this bitch
Throw it out
Let him no longer have the face to seduce my brother Muyan
Yes
court death
Do not shoot